Trade Log: A tool to log trades in conjunction with Think or Swim trading platform exports. 
		- Will be built using Python. I assume I will be using a comdination of pyQT and SQLite, both of which I need to learn. 
		- Goal is to have a standalone local program. 

BACK END DESIGN: 
Process Flow: 
	Raw Transactions --> Save to DB's --> Clean Transactions --> Save to DB's --> Full Trade --> Save to DB's --> Trade Summary --> Save to DB's

Full Trade Consists of: 
Trader, Type, Tickers, Option Type, Expected Risk, Max Risk, Notes, Date, Time, Description, Fees and Commissions, Amount

Trade Summary Consists of: 
Trader, Type, Tickers, Option Type, Expected Risk, Max Risk, Notes, Description, Open Date, Close Date, Open Time, Close Time, Net Fees and Commissions,
	Gross P/L, Net P/L, Gross Return on Expected Risk, Net Return on Expected Risk, Gross Return on Max Risk, Net Return on Max Risk



FRONT END DESIGN: 
(A): Three Main Windows: 
	1 - Open Trades
	2 - Closed Trades: Simple
	3 - Closed Trades: Full

(A1) Open Trades: 
	Purpose: Allow user to add New Trades and view, edit, and close Open Trades. 
	
	"New Trade" Button: Located at bottom of window. 
		Opens dialogue box with input fields (listed as Field:DataType, * = Optional):
			Trader: String
			Type: String
			Ticker: String or List (May be multiple Tickers)
			Subtype*: String or List (May be multiple subtypes)
			Title*: String
			Add Legs: Legs will be copy-pasted from an excel sheet and will contain: 
				Date, Time, Descriiption, Misc. Fees, Commissions & Fees, Amount
					- Will want to copy-paste multiple legs at a time. 
		BUTTONS: 
			- 'Submit': Stores trade and displays it in the Open Trades Window. Clears form and closes New Trade Window. 
			- 'Cancel': Clears form and closes New Trade Window. 
			- 'Close Trade': 
				- Adds Fields: 
					Open Date = Date of First Leg
					Close Date = Date of last leg
					Open Time = Time of first Leg
					Close Time = Time of last leg
					Gross Profit = Sum of all Amount entries. 
					Net Profit = Sum of all Misc Fees, Commissions, and Amount  entries. 
					Acct Balance: 
						First = Beginning Acct Balance + Net Profit of first trade. 
						All Else = Previous Account Balance + Net Profit. 
				- Store Trade with all legs included in 'Closed Trades Full'.
				- Store Trade Summary in Closed Trades: Simple
					Trade Summary = Trader, Type, Ticker, Subtypes, Title, Open Date, Close Date, Open Time, Close Time, Net Misc. Fees, Net Misc. Commissions, Gross Profit, Net Profit, Acct Balance, Notes
	
	Main View: Open Trades List
		- List of open trades. Trades listed by description or optional Title.
			- Double clicking a trade allows it to be edited. 
			- Selecting a trade displays options:
				- Edit Trade: Allows editing of current information or inputation of more legs. 
				- Close Trade: See above. 
				- Delete Trade: Removes trade from list and Database. 
(A2) Closed Trades: Simple
	Displays closed trades database and allows export to csv or similar. 

(A3) Closed Trades: Full
	Displays list of closed trades and allows them to be edited.
		- When trades are edited, it replaces the entry in "Closed Trades: Full", and "Closed Trades: Simple"
